<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>Kubo_-13</title>
		<link href="css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body id="CH13" xml:lang="en-US">
		<div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
			<h1 class="cn">Chapter Seventeen</h1>
			<p class="pf"><span class="first">“</span><span class="first">Oh, you’re supplanting them?</span> That’s quite the undertaking.”</p>
			<p class="p">Yoruichi grinned mirthfully as Kyoraku told her, “Yes, well, it’s a figure of speech. It’s not as though I’m trying to get flags of revolt waving in the Soul Society or planning to take over in their place. It’s just that before Tokinada Tsunayashiro becomes a household name in the Soul Society through a <span class="i">Seireitei Bulletin</span> extra, I’d like him to concede the seat of head of family.”</p>
			<p class="p">A rebellion against the Four Great Noble Clans’ head of family. Based on the reach of the aristocrats’ political influence, it would not have been surprising to understand those words as an insurrection against the Soul Society itself. However, Kyoraku gently denied it. “That said, of course we can’t make a move publicly. Though it is very likely they are criminals, the Thirteen Court Guard Companies cannot openly aim their bows at the Four Great Noble Clans.”</p>
			<p class="p">“In that case, I think you were pretty hard on me when I came to save Rukia,” retorted Yoruichi.</p>
			<p class="p">“That’s because you were rebelling so openly. In comparison, we’re just saying we suspect Tokinada of something. And if he boasts that it’s ‘all for the sake of the Soul Society,’ there’s a chance that his logic might win out.”</p>
			<p class="p">Liltotto spoke up, having reached an understanding after listening that far. “In other words, since you Soul Reapers can’t freely show off your firepower, you’re going to try using us as pawns since you couldn’t care less about us dying.”</p>
			<p class="p">“It’s not that we don’t care about you. The current ceasefire is real, after all. I want to honor the bond we formed from when we took you to the Reiokyu as much as I can.”</p>
			<p class="p">The first one to react to Kyoraku’s words was Ginjo. “Based on what you’re saying, I can assume you’re still treating us like we’re hostile forces then, can’t I?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Right now you are formally tolerated. I want to assure you we won’t lay a hand on you. But no matter how I look at the situation, it seems we’ve already wronged you in some way.”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku then looked at Mayuri, who answered haughtily, “I wonder if it is really possible to wrong them. I was just giving them a chance at amnesty. I mean, think about it—just having me mess them up a little will get them a good word from the director of the Department of Research and Development. I think that’s a profitable decision with favorable terms.”</p>
			<p class="p">“That sure doesn’t sound like somebody who came by trying to kidnap us through brute force.”</p>
			<p class="p">Ginjo continued to be cautious of Mayuri, the owner of the spiritual pressure that had been watching them, and Tsukishima’s eyes appeared calm despite the fact he already had his hand on his bookmark. When Mayuri saw Tsukishima’s move, his mouth twisted into a grin and he asked, “Are you looking for an opportunity to insert yourself into my past? Then why don’t you just give it a try.”</p>
			<p class="p">As he was speaking to Tsukishima, Mayuri approached slowly in a defenseless posture. Watching him, Tsukishima smiled thinly and shook his head.</p>
			<p class="p">“Naturally, I wouldn’t insert a bookmark into a book that’s only made up of the front and back cover.”</p>
			<p class="p">“What do you mean by that, Tsukishima?”</p>
			<p class="p">Tsukishima replied to Ginjo, “He has no past to insert anything into. He probably hasn’t been alive for more than a few minutes.”</p>
			<p class="p">“What?”</p>
			<p class="p">Then the form that had Mayuri’s shape grinned and shook his head.</p>
			<p class="p">“I see. So you can see the measure of someone’s past before you even stick your blade into them. You’ve stirred my interest all the more.”</p>
			<p class="p">As though to supplement his words, Kyoraku said, “Ahh. So that isn’t your true body then, Captain Kurotsuchi?”</p>
			<p class="p">In fact, the Mayuri Kurotsuchi appearing in that room was not the actual Mayuri Kurotsuchi. It was a flesh doll created in his form that he was controlling from elsewhere. Kyoraku had detected it from a tiny difference in spiritual pressure. He sighed as though exasperated. There wasn’t much point in Tsukishima inserting himself into the past of something that had only existed for a few minutes. To Mayuri, who had found the absolute countermeasure for the Book of the End, Tsukishima smiled sarcastically and said, “Shall I think of it as an honor that the Department of Research and Development director is wary of me?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Don’t speak such nonsense. Obviously, anyone would create a vaccine for a virus.”</p>
			<p class="p">While that conversation was going on, Grimmjow, who had digested the situation, clucked his tongue and said, “This is nonsense. You Soul Reapers can pick at each other as much as you want. You think we have any reason to help you?”</p>
			<p class="p">Spiritual pressure mixed with animosity swelled from Grimmjow, and Kenpachi Zaraki put on a wicked smile as he spoke. “I agree. As far as I see it, we’ve got no reason to borrow help from outsiders. If you’re saying you’ll become an enemy now, then it’ll sure make the conversation a lot easier and faster for me.”</p>
			<p class="p">While the heavy specter of death drifted over, a grave spiritual pressure dominated the atmosphere.</p>
			<p class="p">“You’re the one who killed Nnoitora, aren’t you?”</p>
			<p class="p">Grimmjow packed hostility into the glare he aimed at Kenpachi, who emitted a fiendish spiritual pressure. Kenpachi heard Nnoitora’s name and raised the corner of his mouth a degree.</p>
			<p class="p">“Arrancars always bring up that name when they see me. What is the point? Are you stronger than Nnoitora?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Don’t compare me to some guy who’s already kicked the bucket.”</p>
			<p class="p">“No doubt, then.”</p>
			<p class="p">The air between the two started to quiver, and Kukaku, who observed it, developed a throbbing vein on her forehead just as Kyoraku clapped his hands together.</p>
			<p class="p">“All right, all right, that’s enough! Enough!”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku breezily strode between Kenpachi and Grimmjow, simply parrying and defusing their murderous intent toward one another.</p>
			<p class="p">“The reason I’m speaking with you is to offer a token of apology that the Soul Society…that the Soul Reapers have caused you trouble.”</p>
			<p class="p">“An apology?”</p>
			<p class="p">Ginjo scowled and Kyoraku said, “Even though we’re in a ceasefire, telling Arrancars, Quincies, and Fullbringers who are wanted for killing Soul Reapers to all get together and rebel against the Four Great Noble Clans is a scandal in and of itself. It wouldn’t be unusual for me to get my head lopped off for something like that. Even now, you continue to hold me at my weakest point, as the Thirteen Court Guard Companies Captain General. Next time there is a dispute in the Soul Society, I think you’ll be able to use this favor as a playing card.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Can you make any guarantee that you won’t just shut us up after everything’s over?”</p>
			<p class="p">“I can declare that I won’t do such a thing as many times as you’d like, but it’s not as though anyone can truly make such a guarantee. However, starting now with Captain Kurotsuchi, I will thoroughly enforce the policy that none of the captains can lay a hand on you.”</p>
			<p class="p">Hearing that, Mayuri interrupted sullenly, “How can you go and declare that on your own? You think the Captain General of the Thirteen Court Guard Companies has the authority to control the Department of Research and Development’s work?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Actually, I’m shocked that you would think I don't. Well, please, Captain Kurotsuchi, I will plan to accommodate you whatever way I can next time.”</p>
			<p class="p">“That doesn’t inspire much confidence. What reason do I have in the first place to keep silent about what is going on?”</p>
			<p class="p">Mayuri asked that as though it were a logical question, and Kyoraku replied, smiling cynically, “If I’m fired as Captain General, then my successor will likely be Captain Kuchiki… Don’t you think that I will put much less pressure on your ‘research’ than he would?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Really, you are a sneaky man.”</p>
			<p class="p">Mayuri said that without hiding his irritation, and Nanao, who had been watching from behind, felt relieved.</p>
			<p class="p">From their behavior, those around them realized the men were not in collusion and that Mayuri was actually putting his own interests first.</p>
			<p class="p">“Why would you go that far, Soul Reaper?” asked Grimmjow dubiously. Kyoraku replied, “For the sake of the Soul Society and the world’s future. But that’s not the entire reason.”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku paused for a moment and then said, both apologetically and clearly, “A man I do not see eye to eye with is trying to do something I don’t particularly like. Is it so strange that I would want to strike him from behind and hinder his progress?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Captain General!”</p>
			<p class="p">Shrugging at Nanao’s flustered voice, Kyoraku added, “Yes, it would be very helpful if you understood the opinion I expressed just now as not that of the Thirteen Court Guard Companies’ Captain General, but of Shunsui Kyoraku the individual.”</p>
			<p class="p">Though he wore a gentle smile, the strain of the spiritual pressure behind it caused Grimmjow and the others to understand that the man in front of their eyes did not come to stand in this place with any normal constitution. “Hah. You make yourself pretty clear. That’s way easier for me to agree with.”</p>
			<p class="p">Then Grimmjow remembered when he had made a deal with Kisuke Urahara in the past and had one more thing to say. “When I fight to the death with Kurosaki, don’t let any of the Soul Reapers get in the way. Of course I would just crush all of them, but I don’t want to go to all the trouble.”</p>
			<p class="p">“I don’t think you need a promise from me for that.”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku shrugged and started to speak of one who wasn’t there. “Ichigo likely also wants to fight with you one on one, I would think. I won’t interfere with that.”</p>
			<p class="p">Halibel, who had been silent until then, spoke the name of a man who no longer was in that world. “Can you swear that’s the case for Stark too?”</p>
			<p class="p">“<span class="i">Hunh?</span>”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku was silent while Grimmjow raised his voice in suspicion. Though Grimmjow couldn’t understand why Stark’s name was coming up now, Kyoraku immediately considered Halibel’s intention.</p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">Ah, well. Even in the middle of combat, she knew the details of my battles. Of course she would be the one managing Hueco Mundo.</span></p>
			<p class="p">Remembering the battle against the Primera Espada, Coyote Stark, in which he had cut down the Espada while intruding in someone else’s fight, Kyoraku nodded with his usual unchanging expression.</p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">“Losers focus too much on means and lose sight of winning. Captains don’t have that luxury.”</span></p>
			<p class="p">“Yeah, I’ll promise you that.”</p>
			<p class="p">As the words he himself had uttered as he had cut down that man returned to his mind, Kyoraku nodded at Halibel’s words.</p>
			<p class="p">“But if we have another war against you, then that’s a different conversation…”</p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">“Don’t try to act like a good boy. Someone may owe you or you may owe someone. But the moment you start a war, you’re both evil.”</span></p>
			<p class="p">“Since I think the fight that Ichigo wants is something other than ‘war.’”</p>
			<p class="orn">≡</p>
			<h2 class="h1">Urahara Shoten, <br/>underground facility</h2>
			<p class="paft">“I’m not sure how to say this, but you’re pretty good at that.”</p>
			<p class="p">“That’s because I’ve gotten used to doing this work.”</p>
			<p class="p">In front of Hisagi, who spoke in an exasperated tone, there were several normal people lined up who had been put to sleep using kido. However, though they seemed to have the spiritual pressure of normal people both outwardly and inwardly, in actuality that was not the case.</p>
			<p class="p">Using a combination of Urahara Shoten’s spiritual pressure sensor merchandise and Tessai’s kido, the results of their investigation confirmed that there were passersby with slight disruptions in spiritual pressure numbering in the hundreds just within Mitsumiya district. Following that, Jinta, Ururu, and Tessai quickly went on the move to put several of those nearby to sleep, and brought them down to the underground space.</p>
			<p class="p">“Hm… It seems they are neither Soul Reapers nor Fullbringers. They do not seem to be possessed by a parasitic Hollow.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Then why is their spiritual pressure abnormal?”</p>
			<p class="p">“It’s likely because of this…”</p>
			<p class="p">Tessai pulled a necklace off of one of the sleeping people. Others had a charm of the same design on bracelets or tethered to their bags, and because of that, it was clear the people belonged to a shared community.</p>
			<p class="p">“Those things aren’t just what’s trendy these days, right?”</p>
			<p class="p">“No.  All of these decorations bear the symbol of the religious group that the shop manager was looking into. However, more importantly, they are unique in that each one of these has been made into a small circuit that uses reishi.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Circuits? Does that mean they’re devices?”</p>
			<p class="p">Hisagi was dubious, but Tessai replied, “Yes. In the past, this would have been a type of prohibited technique. However, several years ago, the ban on them was lifted temporarily as part of a counterplan against Mr. Aizen.”</p>
			<p class="p">“A counterplan against Aizen?”</p>
			<p class="p">Disquieting words such as “prohibited technique” and “Aizen” had come flowing out in succession, but—“Mr. Hisagi, I believe you have seen it before. Though it is not comparable in size.”</p>
			<p class="p">At Tessai’s words, Hisagi connected everything internally.</p>
			<p class="p">“Wait a sec…these couldn’t be…”</p>
			<p class="p">The woman who had called herself Aura Michibane had known about Hisagi’s fight against the Arrancar. How had she—or Tokinada Tsunayashiro—been able to observe that?</p>
			<p class="p">There had been something that the Tsunayashiro clan likely would have been interested in there. Hisagi realized it. He realized what he had been protecting during that fight. The shape of the equipment that Aura’s believers had was completely different in scale, but it certainly did look very similar to…</p>
			<p class="p">“A Tenkai Ketchu…!”</p>
			<p class="orn">≡</p>
			<h2 class="h1">Kukaku Shiba’s residence, <br/>reception hall</h2>
			<p class="paft">“Looks like a Tenkai Ketchu.”</p>
			<p class="p">At Mayuri Kurotsuchi’s words, several people in the room reacted.</p>
			<p class="p">“Were those the pillars that you guys were protecting in Karakura Town?”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku nodded in response to Halibel. “Well, to be more precise, it was actually the fake Karakura Town we had made in the Soul Society that we were protecting…in other words, you can think of the pillars that we stood up around that area as devices that switched the town out.”</p>
			<p class="p">While speaking, Kyoraku gripped several of them in his own hand. Among the various bits of “evidence” Yoruichi had obtained from the destroyed safe at the Visual Department, there had been several cylindrical spiritual tools that looked as though they were prototypes. On the way over, Kyoraku had taken them from Soi Fon, and feeling uneasy, he had received the response he had expected from Mayuri as a result of handing them over to the man.</p>
			<p class="p">“It’s a miniature derived from the real thing…although this is beyond the Tsunayashiro clan’s skill. There are residuals that are Kisuke Urahara-like, but these do not look complete enough to be his work. I have made something similar, but of course, this does not compare.”</p>
			<p class="p">Though Mayuri had many thoughts about Kisuke Urahara, he wasn’t about to underestimate the man. When he saw the haphazard techniques that formed that small Tenkai Ketchu, he conjectured out loud: “They imitated what they saw of Kisuke Urahara’s prototype and attempted to mass produce them…perhaps.”</p>
			<p class="p">“I think you’re exactly right,” Kyoraku said and then continued based on what Mayuri had said. “Actually, former captain Urahara made something similar to a transportation apparatus previously… But old man Yama asked what would happen if it got into enemy hands and didn’t give authorization to use it. I think old man Yama confiscated that sample and tried to put an end to it by sticking it in the vault of the central first ward…”</p>
			<p class="p">Hirako spoke, looking exasperated. “You think that Tokinada guy from the Tsunayashiro clan stole it then?”</p>
			<p class="p">“It’s likely. Though he might have openly used his influence to just take it. Since it had already been leaked once, we probably should have lifted the ban and come up with a decent countermeasure against it instead… Well, I suppose we should take our time discussing something like that.”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku suddenly narrowed his left eye and dove into the main topic of conversation. “The real issue is what the head of the Tsunayashiro family is trying to do with this.”</p>
			<p class="p">“You can’t do much with just one of those. He might have been able to transport multiple people by getting four of them together. If he had a substantial number, then the conversation would be different, but of course, we would be able to tell if he had established many of these from the disturbance in the reishi. Additionally, he would need to establish them in both locations. At the very least, we know he has not put them into operation within the Seireitei.”</p>
			<p class="p">“In that case…what is Tokinada Tsunayashiro trying to<span class="i"> </span>switch out with what?”</p>
			<p class="p">The Tenkai Ketchu could switch the location of whatever was surrounded by its multiple pillars, regardless of whether the place was in the Soul Society or the living world. The scope of what could be transported depended upon the height and depth of the pillars. Kyoraku had an inkling of where one side of the switch would take place.</p>
			<p class="p">“Karakura Town…”</p>
			<p class="p">“Hunh?” Hearing the name of the town Ichigo Kurosaki lived in, Grimmjow, who hadn’t seemed very interested in the conversation until then, raised his voice. “What? You’re not saying Kurosaki is involved in this thing too?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Just the opposite. Ichigo is away from Karakura Town today, and at the same time we stopped getting communications from Karakura Town.”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku informed them of the present situation, and Hirako, who had not been aware of it, spoke up. “Hunh? What’s that supposed to mean?”</p>
			<p class="p">“A strange boundary was put up around the town, and we can no longer open a Senkaimon. Apparently it’s also impossible to enter from the surrounding towns.” He continued with more information. “At the same time that Assistant Captain Hisagi requested a Gentei Kaijo while he was heading out to Urahara Shoten for an interview, communications ceased. I think it would be impossible to conclude that those events were not related.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Shuhei did that? I see, so that’s why Kensei is here.”</p>
			<p class="p">Hirako nodded as though he understood, and Muguruma said with a humble expression, “I was talking to Love over the Soul Pager, and apparently they haven’t been able to get ahold of Hiyori after she went to work in Karakura Town. Hachi is trying to see if he can break through the boundary from the outside right now.”</p>
			<p class="p">“What is that idiot Hiyori doing?”</p>
			<p class="p">Hirako held his head but calmly asked, “So, does it look like we’ll be able to break through it? The boundary, that is?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Apparently they used something completely different from kido. He was saying it might be a variety of Fullbring.”</p>
			<p class="p">Hearing that, Ginjo’s group looked at each other.</p>
			<p class="p">“What do you think?”</p>
			<p class="p">At Tsukishima’s words, Ginjo looked somber.</p>
			<p class="p">“Even if it’s another ability that can lock things up, it’s not Riruka’s power. Based on what we’ve heard, it might be Yukio’s…”</p>
			<p class="p">Then Giriko raised a doubt. “But I find it a bit suspicious that he has isolated an area as vast as a whole town.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Yeah, but I doubt he’s not connected to this.”</p>
			<p class="p">If this was Yukio’s work, then Ginjo could only think of two possibilities: One possibility was that he had used the last half-year to hone his abilities and could actually expand their scope around a whole town. The other possibility was that, just as when he had distributed Ichigo Kurosaki’s stolen abilities, another Fullbringer had helped him.</p>
			<p class="p">Seeing their behavior, Kyoraku determined that their confusion was genuine and they likely hadn’t been in contact with whoever had put up the barrier.</p>
			<p class="p">“Well, regardless of whether Yukio is involved or not, it’s unlikely that Karakura Town isn’t on one side of the Tenkai Ketchu. It’s probable that the scope is pretty big.”</p>
			<p class="p">Mayuri, who had been fiddling with the miniature Tenkai Ketchu in his hand—or, to be more accurate, the body that Mayuri operated was fiddling with it—added, “It seems that…the transport scope isn’t focusing on the land so much as it is facing up.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Facing up?”</p>
			<p class="p">“They aren’t switching out the land, but the sky…that is how these have been made.”</p>
			<p class="p">“The sky? They couldn’t be thinking of transporting the Reiokyu, could they?”</p>
			<p class="p">Kyoraku worried that the scale of this challenge had suddenly grown much larger, but Mayuri shook his head slightly.</p>
			<p class="p">“I think we should view that as an unlikely possibility. That neat freak Senjumaru Shutara would not allow something like that set up around the Reiokyu.”</p>
			<p class="p">“In that case, we should understand from this that there really is something where Tokinada ran off to… Do you already happen to know, Captain Kurotsuchi? Where Tokinada and the child Hikone have gone?”</p>
			<p class="p">Mayuri looked at Kyoraku as though he were genuinely mystified.</p>
			<p class="p">“Why are you going out of your way to ask me that when you already know the answer?”</p>
			<p class="p">“What?! If you know, then go ahead and spit it out, Mayuri! That’s kind of the most important detail here!”</p>
			<p class="p">“That aside, what is far more important is that you insist on using my first name as though we were equals, even after a hundred years.”</p>
			<p class="p">“What are you talking about?! You really are a nuisance!”</p>
			<p class="p">Ignoring Hirako’s yelling, Mayuri simply started explaining. “Since the Quincy and the Arrancar Corpse Unit carry surveillance bacteria within them, I made the bacteria so that it automatically spreads to those that they fight. Naturally, all of you here are carriers already.”</p>
			<p class="p">When Mayuri said those words, which made everyone in the place furrow their brows, Kyoraku quickly followed up. “Yes, and we’ll have you stop observing us later. More importantly, Captain Kurotsuchi, do you know the location of the child Hikone, who is the object of our focus?”</p>
			<p class="p">Mayuri looked bitter when Kyoraku said he would stop the surveillance, but he managed to give a clear answer to the Captain General’s question. “Though the tracking signal itself has stopped, I have a rough location based on the Binding Spell Kakushi Tsuijaku… The specimen disappeared into the largest class of Kyogoku in the Garganta.”</p>
			<p class="p">A Kyogoku. After so casually mentioning such a terrifying place, he was of course easily able to describe his intention to fix things. “You should be grateful I am here. Normally this would be impossible, but I <span class="i">am</span> able to create a path connecting to it.”</p>
			<p class="p">He then pulled out two small black spheres from his chest pocket and threw them toward the end of the reception hall. The spheres instantly swelled and floated in the air after becoming as large as a human. The reishi warped between the black spheres, and an even deeper sphere, so jet-black that it seemed to swallow light, opened its maw in midair.</p>
			<p class="p">“I can even do it immediately, right now.”</p>
			<p class="orn">≡</p>
			<h2 class="h1">Urahara Shoten</h2>
			<p class="paft">“A Kyogoku?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Indeed.”</p>
			<p class="p">Hisagi opened his eyes wide, and Tessai nodded deeply.</p>
			<p class="p">“I looked into where this Tenkai Ketchu transports to, but it is completely off the Soul Society or Hueco Mundo coordinates. If it is in the middle of Garganta, then it is likely a Kyogoku or a similar variety of space.”</p>
			<p class="p">“A Kyogoku is one of those things—way back in the day, it was supposed to have been used as the exile location for a family that had committed a major crime…”</p>
			<p class="p">“Indeed, they were left behind in a place that a hell butterfly cannot reach and that Dangai is not connected to. Compared to exile in the living world, it is a harsh sentence.”</p>
			<p class="p">“But why that place? Something as small as this couldn’t possibly transport…”</p>
			<p class="p">After Hisagi got that far, he realized something. They had searched the spiritual pressure for humans holding suspicious objects and brought them all the way here after putting them to sleep.</p>
			<p class="p">“How many more people do you sense who are carrying the same objects as these guys?”</p>
			<p class="p">The same thought had occurred to Tessai, and he said with a humbled expression, “There are too many to count…”</p>
			<p class="p">Based on the number that he had heard from Aura, Hisagi broke into a cold sweat as he asked Tessai, “Supposing about seven hundred thousand people all had these things and they met up in Karakura Town…what could they accomplish?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Of course, I doubt that many of them are gathered in Karakura Town, but… Well, yes, if they focused on gathering in this town and deployed in neighboring towns…”</p>
			<p class="p">Making a calculation in his head, Tessai conjectured out loud, “When the shop manager prepared the pillars last time, he moved the whole area of Karakura Town. They wouldn’t be able to get that far, but they might be able to accomplish something very close.”</p>
			<p class="p">“That’s no joke.” Hisagi, realizing this was likely to become an even bigger deal than he had imagined, restlessly muttered to himself. “I don’t know what they’re planning, but it doesn’t seem like it’ll come to any good. Mr. Tessai, would you be able to use the pillars to somehow send me to those coordinates?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Hm…”</p>
			<p class="p">Hearing that, Hiyori said to Hisagi, “It’s not like you’d be able to do anything by yourself.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Even if I can’t, the only option I have is to go.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Are you going because you want to save that baldy Kisuke? Don’t bother. The thing he hates the most is when the weak push themselves too hard in these situations.”</p>
			<p class="p">Though Tessai was keeping silent, he did not refute Hiyori. In actuality, he recalled when Kisuke Urahara had told Ichigo Kurosaki something similar in the past.</p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">“Don’t use her as an excuse to kill yourself.”</span></p>
			<p class="p">Those were the frank words Urahara spoke to Ichigo when the human had attempted to go to the Soul Society without even knowing how to use his zanpaku-to in order to save Rukia. In fact, back then Ichigo would likely have died in vain if he had showed up in the Soul Society at his strength level.</p>
			<p class="p">In that case, what about Hisagi? He was probably stronger than Ichigo had been at that time. However, considering it in the context of the strength differential between him and his opponent, he guessed that this was pretty similar to Ichigo’s situation back then. Tessai hesitated over whether to stop him, but Hisagi jumped in and said, “I know I’m out of my league. I’m not just going for Mr. Urahara, and if it comes down to it, I’ll leave Mr. Urahara behind.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Wha…?”</p>
			<p class="p">A vein stood out on Hiyori’s forehead and she started to say something, but Hisagi anticipated it and said, “Because <span class="i">I’m a Soul Reaper</span>.”</p>
			<p class="p">What he was trying to say was that his priority wasn’t saving Urahara but saving the balance of the world.</p>
			<p class="p">“Don’t say you’re doing this for the Seireitei or something. Are you really going to cross this dangerous bridge because of them?”</p>
			<p class="p">“I’m not doing this for the sake of the aristocrats…” As he replied, Hisagi fell into thought.</p>
			<p class="p">Why was he attempting to go up against an enemy he was unlikely to beat? If he were doing this for the sake of peace for the people of the living world and the Soul Society, then why was he risking his life to protect that peace?</p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">Is it my own pride, thinking that I’m the protector of the world’s peace?</span></p>
			<p class="pcust2"><span class="i">—No.</span></p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">Am I doing this for Kanisawa, since he was killed by a Hollow, or for my subordinates, who died in the war?</span></p>
			<p class="pcust2"><span class="i">—No.</span></p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">Am I doing this for the people who will live in the future?</span></p>
			<p class="pcust2"><span class="i">—No.</span></p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">Am I doing this for the cheap sense of satisfaction that I risked my life to fight?</span></p>
			<p class="pcust2"><span class="i">—No. Is that not it?</span></p>
			<p class="p">As Hisagi was deep in thought, Hiyori said in exasperation, “I just don’t get it. So why are you going? Aren’t you scared?”</p>
			<p class="p">“I am scared. To be honest, the chances of my winning in a confrontation are pitiable.”</p>
			<p class="p">However, Hisagi had experienced that feeling many times before. The time he had most noticed the difference in power between himself and his opponent was when he had battled his teacher, Kaname Tosen. In actuality, he hadn’t even been able to cross swords with him face to face. After Tosen had Hollowified and become stronger, he had managed to pierce Tosen in a vital spot after searching for an opening when Tosen wasn’t able to see him.</p>
			<p class="p">For whom had he really fought that battle?</p>
			<p class="p">“But I’m definitely going.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Like I said, why?”</p>
			<p class="p">“I’m not sure.”</p>
			<p class="p">“What the heck?! You don’t know? Are you even sane?”</p>
			<p class="p">Hiyori opened her eyes wide, still exasperated, and Hisagi tried to get her off his back by saying, “I don’t have a reason or anything. It’s just that if I withdraw now…if I run from being a Soul Reaper, I feel like the spirit inside me that I inherited from Captain Tosen will vanish completely.”</p>
			<p class="p">“What’s that supposed to mean? I really have no clue what you’re saying. I can’t believe someone like you would hold a high-and-mighty position at the <span class="i">Seireitei Bulletin</span>!”</p>
			<p class="p">“I’m sorry… I know I’m being immature.”</p>
			<p class="p">Though Hisagi was genuinely apologizing to the former Soul Reaper Hiyori, who was also his senior, there was firm resolution in his eyes. Hiyori and Hisagi stared at each other for a while. What broke that silence was the voice of a completely unexpected third party.</p>
			<p class="p">“Uh, um…in that case, I’ll go too.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Ryunosuke?!”</p>
			<p class="p">When he heard Shino’s surprised interjection, Hisagi realized that the timid voice belonged to a young Soul Reaper whose presence he had forgotten.</p>
			<p class="p">“<span class="i">Hunh?!</span>”</p>
			<p class="p">“<span class="i">Eek!</span>”</p>
			<p class="p">Though Ryunosuke was frightened by Hiyori simply giving him a look, he hid behind Shino’s back and whimpered, “I-I mean, Karakura Town is really going to end up in trouble, right? In that case, Shino and I won’t come away unscathed anyway…”</p>
			<p class="p">“Aren’t you scared?”</p>
			<p class="p">When Hisagi asked the same question that had been asked of him, Ryunosuke replied clearly with determined eyes, “Yes! I’m super terrified! If someone told me I could run, I’d take Shino and go! Oh, but we can’t run since there’s a barrier! What’ll I do?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Why’re you so decisive only when you’re saying something embarrassing?!” Shino yelled, fed up. Though Ryunosuke went back to cowering, he continued speaking. “But if it seems we have no other possibility, I think all I can do is be a decoy while running away.”</p>
			<p class="p">Hisagi once again looked at the boy in front of him. He couldn’t even say the kid had strong spiritual pressure as empty flattery. He had heard that the kid’s brother was a seated officer in the Sixth Company, but it didn’t seem like Ryunosuke had much power when it came to swordplay or kido. The statement he made likely took all the courage he had to squeeze out.</p>
			<p class="p">“I was thinking that it’d be better for me to just go alone.”</p>
			<p class="p">He was doing it in order to protect the girl next to him, who was his colleague and who was stronger than him.</p>
			<p class="p">“What’re you saying, Ryunosuke?! You’re weak <span class="i">and</span> an idiot! If you’re going then I’ll obviously go too!”</p>
			<p class="p">Even as the Soul Reaper girl yelled that, it was clear she was worried about the boy.</p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">That girl is Madarame’s sister, isn’t she?</span></p>
			<p class="p"><span class="i">I get it now. Even the young Soul Reapers have got it in them.</span></p>
			<p class="p">Hisagi smiled quietly as he felt a sense of slight relief and nodded at the Soul Reapers in front of his eyes.</p>
			<p class="p">“I’m glad I’ve got juniors like you, Ryunosuke Yuki, Shino Madarame.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Uh! You just said…my name…”</p>
			<p class="p">“I-it’s an honor, Assistant Captain Hisagi!”</p>
			<p class="p">When the famous assistant captain remembered their names and, furthermore, recognized them as members of the Thirteen Court Guard Companies, Ryunosuke and Shino were shocked. Hisagi continued to speak. “But your work is patrolling this town. I don’t know what might happen around here, but there’s no way to fight it if no one’s around to respond. You’ve got to do your own job first, got it?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Oh! Y-yes, sir!”</p>
			<p class="p">“You’re scolding others about it while declaring that <span class="i">you’re</span> heading over to throw away your own life.” After witnessing Hisagi’s exchange, Hiyori averted her eyes and muttered to herself, “That’s the part about Soul Reapers I hate.”</p>
			<p class="p">She clucked her tongue, clapped her hands on her cheeks and told Tessai, “Okay. Oh well! I can’t stand being in debt to Kisuke! I’m going with you!”</p>
			<p class="p">Hiyori sounded triumphant, but—“That won’t work.” Tessai calmly and clearly refused her.</p>
			<p class="p">“Whaaat?! Why not, you baldy Tessai!”</p>
			<p class="p">Easily dodging Hiyori’s enraged fist, Tessai explained as matter-of-factly as possible. “There is currently a barrier around this town, and we cannot open a Senkaimon under these circumstances. It is likely that if several hundred thousand of these small Tenkai Ketchu are activated, we could invoke a ceremony that would ignore the barrier…but using normal methods, we will not be able to push through with just a few of these.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Then how’re you saying we should do it?”</p>
			<p class="p">“We can see this barrier as something that alerts to Soul Reaper and kido powers. It has a muted reaction to the Hollow factor compared to other things. In that case, a good plan would be if we were to use some potent Hollow power to break through by force.”</p>
			<p class="p">Hollow power. When she heard those words, Hiyori immediately understood Tessai’s aim.</p>
			<p class="p">“You saying you want me to be the battery that runs that weird device?”</p>
			<p class="p">“Ms. Hiyori, I wouldn’t mind putting in a formal request to the owner of that ‘Unagiya’ you work at to borrow your power.”</p>
			<p class="p">After a brief staring contest with Tessai, who said that with a serious look, Hiyori sighed and said, “Fine. You owe me a ton in exchange though.”</p>
			<p class="p">“I am grateful. I will set up a formation around Mr. Hisagi, so if you could load in your spiritual pressure from outside, Ms. Hiyori.”</p>
			<p class="p">At Tessai’s words, Hiyori nodded slightly and drove the young Soul Reapers as well as Jinta and Ururu, who were watching from afar, away.</p>
			<p class="p">“Keep back. If you get hit by my spiritual pressure, you might end up goners.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Ms. Sarugaki. Thank you so much.”</p>
			<p class="p">When Hisagi lowered his head, Hiyori still looked sour as she said, “I’m not doing this for you or Kisuke. It’s a job—it’s a gig, is all.”</p>
			<p class="p">After Tessai made the formation, Hiyori brought her hands up to the top of her head and pulled them down as though she were tearing her face. In that instant, a white mask appeared where there hadn’t been one before, and the dense presence of Hollow flowed out and filled Urahara Shoten’s basement.</p>
			<p class="p">“Hm. It seems that this is set up not to switch out the ground, but to exchange things from the top of the barrier. I will sync the coordinates on you, Mr. Hisagi.”</p>
			<p class="p">Tessai controlled the flow of that spiritual pressure with his kido and poured it into the miniature Tenkai Ketchu that were placed around Hisagi.</p>
			<p class="p">“Since we are forcing you to break through it, coordinates aside, the time it takes may range from a few minutes to half an hour. I will try to tune things to take as little time as possible.”</p>
			<p class="p">“Thanks.”</p>
			<p class="p">Though he was determined, he was understandably nervous about being transported by this method for the first time. While Hisagi prepared himself to freeze up the spiritual pressure at his feet at any time in case something happened, Tessai said as he put the finishing touches on the ceremony, “I’m leaving the shop owner in your care.”</p>
			<p class="p">At that, Tessai lowered his head at the man who had claimed that he would abandon Urahara for the sake of the Soul Reapers.</p>
			<p class="p">In the next moment, light engulfed Hisagi’s body.</p>
			<p class="p">As though the world were being remade, he melted into the landscape.</p>
			<p class="p">He disappeared without anyone knowing what reality lay before him where he was going.</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>